mb？meow has arrived! (#22)
0x5c/minibot: CHANGELOG.md

> ## [Unreleased]
> 
> 
> ### Added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Unreleased]
### Added
```
Those lines are superfluous

> - A kitten who meows at you to display with the `mb?meow` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A kitten who meows at the user when `mb?meow` is run.
```
Weird syntax + period at the end

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Missing newline, per [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)

- Autorole system

> [Unreleased]: https://github.com/0x5c/minibot/compare/v1.4.0...HEAD
> [1.3.2]: https://github.com/0x5c/minibot/releases/tag/v1.3.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Unreleased]: https://github.com/0x5c/minibot/compare/v1.3.2...HEAD
[1.3.2]: https://github.com/0x5c/minibot/releases/tag/v1.3.2
```
1.4.0 does not exist yet
